What if Google Morphed Into GoogleOS?
What if Google expanded on its search-engine (and now e-mail) wares into a full-fledged operating system?
(And, by the way, is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing?)
Does anybody use it for anything else?
Is that a money maker?
But will diplomacy work?
And can anyone use military pressure without proof?
He's not giving 85% away, he's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5% a year (until gone?).
Wtf is this?
This is the organization that bombed our Marine barracks in 1983, took Americans hostage throughout the 80's and now they should be considered a legitimate organization?
The question is, "Should he have known it was coming?"
(On what evidence?
(What about 40 al-Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the United States??)
want to go to dinner with me before you have your 'matt time'?
why do you think i should get one of those?
what do you think?
what happened to you?
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night?
are you lying?
is it for guitar?
We have this report?
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today?
why is enron blowing up?
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well?
By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available?
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000/d at meter # 1552 QE-1 @ $4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is?
Are you free for lunch some day this week?
Also, I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go?
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements?
Today is good 12:30 ?
Are you free for lunch some day this week?
Also, I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go?
Today is good 12:30 ?
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop?
I'll ask around?
you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunctc ompany over 40 million in the last two years?
Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI's obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ("PPA") and Green Premium Sharing Agreement ("GSPA").?
Do you have any current info on deal status?
Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday?
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you?
Any feedback from Rick Buy?
Would this be fine?
Are there any new developments in the trader world?
What's going on with the UBS weather position?
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better?
If you would be so kind, could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days?
Could you run those additional post-id's?
could you also CC me the first few times you send it?
Is good or bad?
what's your opinion?
"What?" asks Winston, "isn't there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy?"
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy?"
Do You Yahoo!?
Tired of spam?
What language is talked in Iguazu?
Green Tea Or White Tea?
What is this Miramar?
Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba?
Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu?
Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^?
What are some Major land forms in Ireland?
Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ?
any format url ?
how fare of kolkatta?
Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp?
how much does it cost to join world resorts international?
Who is artist Gunther Uecker;explain?
How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area?
in n out of the chicago area?
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger?
Where to buy bodybuilding supplements in Delhi?
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar?
Can you use the 'find my phone' feature to track someone else's phone?
Besides eating good foods, what else do people do in Miramar?
Is Hank Green Awesome?
weather in december in Tremblant?
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?
thx for your ans.?
Fun picture websites (:?
how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail?
Do you prefer ham, bacon or sausages with your breakfast?
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off?
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off?
mazzoni's deli best italian food in phila pa?
is mazzoni's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country???
Dinner and dancing in Chicago?
Courage the cowardly dog?
In the Episode "So in Louvre Are We Two", How many diffrent painting/scupltures are their and who are the artists?
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick?
What country are we talking about?
How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section?
What do you think of Air France?
What's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine parrots? ?
So does anyone know what the difference is?
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me?
Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises?
Best POS system in Philadelphia ?
What is the best pos system I can buy in philadelphia pa?
What are "good" speakers?
USPS Delivery in Auckland,NZ?
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift...??
24 hour fast resturants near by?
Loop, North Side, South Side, near suburbs, far suburbs?
NZers: Have you decided who you're going to vote for?
And has this changed from previous years?
Bay of Plenty- Are you even old enough to vote?
Arriving in Auckland on a direct flight from Canada.?
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch?
In our hand luggage or do we have to put it into our checked luggage?
Studying in Quebec,Canada?
would I be able to go back to school after a year break at a university to get a Bachelors degree in business administration?
What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop?
and where can I find them?
out of carnival, royal caribbean, and norweigan (cruises) which is the best and why?
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they're hooked up to a computer that is turned off?
what is a good slogan for an Argentinian restaurant?
Which Compact System Camera Should I Get...?
Also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing day?
I need creative art ideas?
What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way?
what is the fall of hanoi?
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place?
Is that what you are referring to?
Does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp?
Or maybe something humid or heat?
surprise romantic cheap date night san francisco?
i would like to have one of those super random surprisingly nice nights out...suggestions?
my lhasa apso hind legs are not working?
for the past few days she has been shivering and wont eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?
How much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to Andiamos restaurant for dinner?
I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service.?
how many ounces in a pint in ireland?
need help finding irish music?
Women's rain coat...where can I find one?
I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS... how do I pause it while recording?
I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS... how do I pause it while recording?
I have a Nacho Libre question.?
Do you get what's wrong with this picture?
is there any good places to get an ice-cream sundae from in Invercargill New Zealand?
you live in NZ and you eat McDonalds ice cream?
best burger chain in the Chicago area?
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillos white castle which one do like the best?
Does 5 make a chain?
What should I do?
What could it be?
Should I be concerned?
why are there two statues of David?
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one?
so im a little confused , why is there two statues of David?
Name of specific Hibachi restaurant in Chicago?
What's the best time to start a trip around the world?
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years,and I want to go aground the world,what do you think,should I do it before or after medical school?
canon t2i stops working?
did anyone have this issue?
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair?
Cheapest airline ticket from Raleigh to Philippines?
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket?
What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants?
Where can I go on a first date (adults)?
I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium, what can I fill it with?
I was thinking cichlids?
I know saltwater is a possibility, can you give me a possible stocking option for that too?
Who does that?!
How do you run a cafe, with no refills on coffee-?
Out of business?
okay, I dont have a review, but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK....is there something behind the scenes at this place?
So what happened?
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray?
What do the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization?
"Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan?"
"Wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked Bush.
Have they, however, actually weakened Israeli security?
In all this so-called controversy, has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets?
For example, did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry?
What do you really know about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard?
That he didn’t show up for duty in Alabama?
That he missed a physical?
That his daddy got him in?
Did you know that?
Remember Luis Posada Carriles ?
But will Posada be given up?
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications.........And At NO COST To You?
‘’Where are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar?’’
What was Bush doing with his youth?
From Wednesday's Mirror the headline, "Have 200,000 AK47s Fallen Into the Hands of Iraq Terrorists?"
Have you sent this to congress yet?
Maybe I'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000 AK47's?
"There's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!?
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground?
So we "lost" some weapon?
What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash?
They really are milking the incompetence angle though, aren't they?
Just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy, huh?
(not church morality, no that is phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ?????)
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
Do you really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of Jesus of Nazareth?
So why even credit their claims?
Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?'
Does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place?
Is the distinction accurate and valid?
Does the distinction actually exist?
so, enemy, what's your point?
Why don't you state it?
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
==Why did Bush revoke Executive Order 13011 today?
For example, is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed alchemical process?
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation?
Similarly, is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system?
Shall we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire as well?
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood?
So what is all the fuss about suicide killings?
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector?
How about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel period?
What is behind the suicide murders?
Wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor?
Aren't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven?
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him?
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers?
Does free speech protect you when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater?
Should there be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders?
Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage?
Do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital?
Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages?
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets?
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly?
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children?
Do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital?
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
What do you do?
What can we do about it?
Is the solution a democratic Arab world?
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"?
If mistaken, how did those reports first come about?
What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet?
Have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet?
Will you drive on that day?
At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?
How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
Monday's starting next week at 4???????????????
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
Are we going to attend?
Who has the 2000 tax return file for 969?
How do you feel about taking on another company?
Do you concur?
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
How do you feel about taking on another company?
Do you concur?
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
Suerat (any works on paper? -
Is there 1 available?
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?
What are we going to get her?
What are some good interview questions?
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive?
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?
How about meeting at 11:30 or 12?
Are you guys still looking for an analyst?
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
Does that work for you?
And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday?
Should we set a date now?
Am I turning into Mother?
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)?
Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article?
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal?
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
Can we get some help on the IBM issues?
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?
Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?
it's did you watch your girl on tv last night?
the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Nancy, can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
How was your trip to Des Moines?
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?
How is Deb's knee?
Did she ever go to a real doctor?
Did she make it?
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself?
Our last call was Iris Kind, Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis.
Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?"
What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00?
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?
What about 10:30 my time?
how about Thursday, July 6?
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
How can we arrange it?
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
How is Wednesday at 2:30?
How is the site doing?
P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL?
what do you think?
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] USD{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [Master Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
What person(s) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions?
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?
Is that ok with you?
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)?
Are either of you familiar with this project?
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade.?
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
When is the wedding?
What do you think?
If that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use?
How many of Dad's shares do you have?
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000?
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months?
Can you help out?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Which do you prefer?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
If not, is there someone else that will?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Is the attached form the final final form?
Where and to whom do you want it faxed?
Which do you prefer?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
If not, is there someone else that will?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Does that work?
I don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"?
Your gonna be the first to see the new baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th?)
Why didn't Craig show Ma his appartment?
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben (he was almost shocked)?
Are you coming for Xmas?
Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?!
Thinking about that, what's your title?
If you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL?
How are you doing?
Are you really?
Would you come with your parents or separately?
Do You Yahoo!?
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?
How was the play?
Is there anyone else we should tell?
I think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room.?
Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number.? The address is below.?
Thanks for the heads up.?
Do you know the address to send cards??
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors??
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.?
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries.?
Bobby is one of those with major injuries.?
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital.?
Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, phone number: 713-793-2000.?
He cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the emergency room.?
Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires?
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina?
Is that what you want?
- Arrv. Nice around noon?
Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice?
If you still have it, can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"?
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?
Will you pass along to the appropriate person?
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b), are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to TAU for next year?
Also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd?
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been included with this note.?
Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list.?
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process.?
You have all devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows.?
We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others.?
While we should be proud of our accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline.?
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details.?
So much for resting on our laurels.?
<<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> ? <<ld2d-#69397-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69396-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69377-1.XLS>> <<ld2d-#69381-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69336-1.XLS>> <<Primary Rights 4-12 .doc>> <<ld2d-#69334-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>>
You still considering it?
I assume this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks "Mc"Everything?
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking?
i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with "Enron"?
If we are covered, then was it necessary to register EnronOnline?
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules?
Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!!
Carol, will you handle this or Mark?
Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub?
Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the deal?
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)?
What expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options?
What correlation are you assuming, 15% flat for twenty years?
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the option?
Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?
Do we have someone who is watching this out there?
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down?
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
Norma, any thoughts?
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
Norma, any thoughts?
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?
Am I scheduled to attend?
Is this correct?
Do you want me to send the invoices to you?
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?
Can we find another time that works for us to meet?
I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting...are you available then?
In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues?
What do I need to do?
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about?
are you the right lawyer to look at this?
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?
Can you cover for me today?
Do we have 2 sessions today?
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time?
What do you think?
After that, what do we do?
Do you also have a SSD we can use?
Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?
Can you please help with this one?
Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers?
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time?
As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments?
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?
To what do I owe this small pleasure?
Where are you living these days?
Amelia Island Plantation?
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?
Have you gone international?
In a new franchise business?
How's your family?
Do you miss me?
Could you send me a set?
Could you send me a set?
have you gotten a price?
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003?
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form?
How's school going?
Any plans for the weekend?
Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate?
Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?
Can you provide me with more details?
8. Where is the defined term Govt Authority used?
Are you okay with that?
If so, are we ready to execute?
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC?
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30?
Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled?
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version?
Are we ready to execute?
Is there some specific concern that we can address?
Were there any?
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Are you back in the office yet?
Can you and Tom join us?
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
Do you think we need to do more?
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
Do you think we need to do more?
Are you comfortable with the difference?
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be?
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state.
Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward?
Is there any question?
Are you playing golf?
And if yes, what's the game and wager???
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating?
Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece?
What say ye?
How does this look?
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed??
Did you get my fax on Friday?
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India?
(b) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas?
(c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you?
were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday?
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet?
Now that Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this?
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol.?
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts.?
I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions.?
Initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day.?
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces.?
We would like to meet between November 14 and?December 1?since construction of our services is already underway.?
Do you have a tel # for Mike?
How can I say such an abomination, ask you?
Look inside yourselves parents, is this you?
What are you doing to the least of the people?
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
What are you searching for?
More personal freedom?
More time with your family?
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing?
What is long term viability?
Are you unsure of Agel?
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars, so why create a new one?
I say why not?
Anyone know a release date?
I was kind of curious, what exactly is Guild Wars?
Who are we?
And who are you?
You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime?
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force?
And what is there to show for it?
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those "out of the workforce", the dregs, the rabble, the enemy?
Do you feel safer?
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us and Them?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood?
By the way, have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases?
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories?
Don't you think it's time we talked?
Are you ready?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future?
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now?
Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc.)
Subject: What is "food for the NSA line-eater"?
How much money does the USA give NASA per year?
in response to Steve's comment: do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone?
Testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
If I love cats so much, why aren't I DOING something???
And what am I DOING about it?
What justifies this extraordinary mistreatment?
"Note to Wigner: Do you think your friend could feed my cat?
Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf?
"There's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?'
Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction?
How has Katrina changed the US?
What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the response?
How has Katrina changed the US?
Has it altered your life?
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US?
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there?
Or will the nearly year-round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives?
Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers?
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast?
What will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market?
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point?
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become?
We have the technology; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting "FREEDOM" why not spend those billions making all of us free?
Are you prepared to handle absolute power?
Mayur ? <>
Talk to me <ymsgr:sendIM?mayursha&__Hi+Mayur...>
{LUCIO: Does BRIDGET PAINT still, Pompey, ha?
Conclusion: Is Any of This Possible?
The question must be put as directly as possible: what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe?
What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course?
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack?
Is any of this a probability?
My dad just doesn't understand?
Now I'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing?
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy?
Equine collages uk NEED HELP!!!?
Besides from Pacquiao, what else is The Philipines famous for?
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student?
I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course..if you know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons?
and would you recommend it as a student?
Can that be fixed?
Have you tried using clockwork recovery?
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place?
and how big are they?
can anyone give me information about them?
I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?
How could I work with her to get off her four hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly??
my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...?
hi everyone....just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from my dad.......does any1 already has it?
how has ur experience with it?
is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
wht abt its picture quality???
is it comparable to sony products or not??
dead pixel of my photos?
just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?
please help me..and what should i do to fix this problem?
or it is normal?
Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
New Zealand skilled migrant visa?
I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget?
Is there any cure for mouse poison?
I know that the mouse will probably die, but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison?
Crayola Air- Dry Clay?
Is there any way to strengthen it?
2. What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe?
3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln?
taking young cat with me for a week out of state?
Should i bring her?
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside?
What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet?
Would pledge be ok?
If not, what is?
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
it's not me is it!?
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall?
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish?
what kind of newborn fish you have?
If you can?
bearded dragon spikes?
what is a kimberwick bit used for?
How long to save up for a canon t3i?
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :O
does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air?
Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night?
Change of boarding station?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter?
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah?
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones?
Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools?
or do I need to reapply ?
(in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions....) any advice please?
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage?
Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable?
Would it be best for me to finish college?
wait for 18th birthday?
What is the best way of doing it?
Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko?
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name?
And her last name, Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name...anyone?
I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line?
Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the other phone connected?
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well?
Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about?
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling?
Do you just take a changing bag with you?
Whats the easiest thing?
Should the statue of David be censored?
You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display?
Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia?
HAMSTERS - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ?
in his cage in the bathroom ?
or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea?
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european?
Everland Resort: http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
I found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?)
what do I feed it?
It's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, I don't know what type of bird it is, probably a dove?
What should I feed it?
Is normal bird food fine?
(Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop?
its jacks aquarium and pets I believe. ?
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse?
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse?
if not what transfers should i get on?
What are good B&W software's Photography?
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing?
cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand?
Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too?
my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.?
Whats your favorite part about trail riding?
10 gallon nano reef ideas?
How would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon?
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment?
NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet?
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color?
Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars?
Or just purchase the Color?
Pubs in Philadelphia?
How to start a new fish tank?
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang?
3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night?
What is the problem?
Is this a transitional period for the baby...that he/she is left alone much more time?
Can I text from Canada to the united states?
Ok maybe that isn't the right question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada, can you send texts to another united states number?
And do you get charged for it?
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!?
Why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in?
Also that, I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it true?
Are there any new Gaming console?
What is the typical lifespan of a cat?
In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live?
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at?
Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...?
What do I do?
Did anything happen before losing his trust?
How to make a breyer horse stable?
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays?
Any other way??
Do you think he's teething?
Which rat cage is better?
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake?
what are your suggestions and opinons?
What are good places to eat brunch at? ?
Question about the sinking of the Titanic?
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking?
If yes, was Canada involved in this act/law?
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking?
100 years ago?
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan?
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do?
How is the night life in Naha?
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all?
Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version?
1) what thes difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m16?
2) did Vietnam m16's have a 3-shot burst function?
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes?
Are the hotels back up and running?
Are there still aftershocks?
Is it safe to go to Rotarua, since the earthquakes?
(ps. I'm assuming you'll stop off in Wellington, and since its summer, may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos?
What size horse do i need?
Im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly?
Where in the world is Iguazu?
Paris or England while studying aboard?
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to go?
where would you go?
does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada?
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce?
Please help with my cats bladder issue?
What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first?
I got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.?
Can i apply with 63 points?
"4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points?"
Why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
If they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
What is Italian High Renaissance?
I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?
do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates?
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female?
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks?
What do you think of these photos?
What do you think of these photos?
what are some unique customs in ireland?
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
As far as I understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is: Can dogs actually see the images featured in the advert like humans?
Also, can animals remember images on TV like us, humans?
If so, then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared?
Although, I don't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time; I am sure they'll forget sometime--or am I wrong?
So what about T.V.?
Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.?
How much should I be looking at for horse transportation?
If they ask how much I'm willing to pay, what is a good price range?
Is that reasonable?
Do they have this anywhere?
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to?
Like you can pick the destinations?
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s?
Can rabbits and chickens live together?
However, in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens?
So, can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water?
(The rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food) Also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed?
melting brass did not work?
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food?
How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python?
My Snake's meal is TOO big, what can I do?
So my true question comes to this, how can I knock the rat out?
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away, do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull?
Looking to move to Toronto?
But, can you immigrate?
How to train my puppy ?
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
How to prevent this ?
Anyone have any suggestion?
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500 per night?
Sorry, almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather than pre book?
I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?
which one out of these makes the best pet?
a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or a guinea pig?
and why is the one a better pet?
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise?
i want to know which you liked better and WHY?
Are there any major differences between them?
What countries are the best to travel to?
Where in the states could I go?
Where in Europe?
Have you every traveled before?
How long should I go for to each place?
&Also how much money would I need?
Leave High School?
In the United States?
What do you like to do?
Do you speak a foreign language?
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place?
1 year before collage or college?
But where in nigeria?
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house?
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors?
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate?
...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right?
Is there any tricks I could use?
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices?
Should I just settle and book on line?
or is it better if I wait till I get there?
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours?
yoga and horses.....?
Any good poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization?
what are you having problems with?
i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride on your knees?
You don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses?
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis?
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis?
and will these antibiotics help?
I have tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what should i do?
i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food?
Did your vet take radiographs (x-rays)?
Did they do any x-rays?
French dating etiquette?
Is it true?
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
Why not just take your chances and do it your way?
True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future?
Is there a future for our nation's youth?
*gasps* So I wouldn't make a good prostitute?
Are you saying I'm bad in bed?
How would you know?
A little mellow dramatic?
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications?
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat?
do babies this small hibernate?
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him?
are my two cats fighting or playing?
how rough is too rough?
were they roughhouse playing?
or were they actually fighting?
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive?
And the South Vietnamese people?
Bearded dragon question...?
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs?
Is a finch or a parakeet better?
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be?
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?).
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland?
Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding Help?
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies?
1. Is a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating the eggs?
2. Have we kept up with partial water changes?
3. Is there too much mineral in the water?
Disney cruise line with young ones?
What is the best time of year?
Should I get a balcony?
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience??
What is the best option?
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select?
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
I don't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not?
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way?
would You like going for *coffee* with him?
or is he Not your type?
Or are you undecided?
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get?
sorta wonder what it would have been like?
Well one day he said to me You know i don't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof.. and I was Like Ummmm okay???
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks...he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear???
Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come back out later?
This is, after all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work?
EPM, Anyone Dealt with it?
Might be something different?
So any ideas?
Think I should do it?
Is that something you are up for?
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile?
Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy?
Or a difficult birth?
Was it always like this?
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke?
Who knows what the future might hold, and it might be expensive?
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort?
Is there no other Verizon to go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle1?!?!?
Where else can you go for $10 and recieve this treatment?!
Sure, some items are a little pricey, but c'mon... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before?
seriously, can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat?
Can't you make a decent cup of coffee?
Westfield and Rt 1 do it well, WHY CANT U????
Are you kidding me?
Spongy and sweet bread (microwaved?), heartless salsa, tiny dogs...
I tell them: why not just go with these guys?
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see??
It used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it??
What kind of rude service is that?
Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts are often outrageously priced (who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie?)
Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood?
Do we need another one?
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes??
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off??
So what was the point of the appointment!?!
To just come over and hang out?!?
Rate a church?
With all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars speeding by...... and you are going to let some 4/5 year olds wonder around cause you're money hungry?
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?
We have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over- who would have guessed that one?
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?
How long does it take to train new people at work ?
How fast your support queries get answered ?
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad?
How much could it possibly cost?
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right?
From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know its just a piece of scrap metal?
If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but 1 day?
So from $55 to $260?
Are they serious?
I feel like they didn't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price?
Whereas my answer to the question "Where do you get your laundry done?" used to be, "At the checkout line at WalMart," I can honestly say the answer now is, "At The Laundry Tub."
The desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off (as if I would make that up?).
WHAT IS THAT?????
After a good few minutes, he asked: "what do you want?"
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good, right?
How has it gone so far?
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's actual OWNER?!
No business is going to push customers away without good reason; so isn't it reasonable to think they might know what they're doing?
I called dominos tonight, it rang forever, I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says, MAY I HELP YOU?
So I say: I'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square (built in 1926) do you deliver to the Warwick?
And he says: You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania?
I SAY LISTEN: I'm at 17th and LOCUST, do you deliver there?
he says: Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP?
He gives the phone to a girl, she says, I have to have your address, I say, do you deliver to 17th and locust, she says, your exact address, I say 1-7-0-1 Locust, ARe you sure? she asks?
Hmmm, she says, Then why are you calling here, we don't go past broad?
She even went so far as to say "Your calling about one board?"
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience?
Do other brides fall for this???
I'm no detective but... uhh... seriously?!?
The other problem?
Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed?
"Though we do not deny that fact that Jews were killed in the (second world) war, why should the Palestinians pay for it?"
And what do we get for this effort?
After you are elected in 2004, what will your memoirs say about you, what will the title be, and what will the main theme say?
And I have to wonder: Did he forget that he already has a memoir called "A Charge to Keep"?
They have acquired Urchin, Zipdash, Applied Semantics, Picasa, Blogger, and satellite imaging company Keyhole, so why not Firefox?
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites, who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein, against the United States?
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously, at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country?
At a time when the Spanish, Thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving, and the UN is reluctant to get involved?
The Army is unlikely to forgive or forget; but who provoked it and why?
Why were they suddenly acted on Saturday?
Bryan, you're in, right?
Anybody up for happy hour after work?
you don't know what that means?
where did you grow up?
should I be embarrassed that I haven't the slightest idea what that means?
why do you think they are mean?
are you kidding?
why would you want a chihuahua?
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog?
you aren't going in for the wedding until sunday now?
you guys want to watch the game at woodrows tomorrow?
what do you mean i am perverted?
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed/blanks filled in?
Attached please find the GE Guarantee in Word format.?
John Staikos Direct Dial:? 203.961.7523 Direct Fax:? 203.674.7723 E-mail:? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
What's going on dude?
Are you still chasing that?
How is it going?
Did you survive the honeymoon?
WHO WANTS TO HELP MILLIONS FOR UNITED WAY?
you know that both o'neal and matt are out?
have you heard from anyone?
also, what's the deal with the weather this weekend?
is it supposed to be storming?
Your father never listens to me, what can I say?
How are you?
Any news on Aunt Toni?
How are things going with you?
Are you enjoying Houston?
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo's spread analysis?
If you do would you send me a copy?
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time?
In addition, I received feedback from our Gas Desk that the access to the Gas segment of Enron On-Line was cut off to CPS --- do you know who would handle this at Enron that we can speak to?
PS- Were you having phone system problems this morning?
Myself and Credit were calling in and none of the calls rolled into voice mail (?).
Please clarify "all" do you intend 10MM for ENA as well?
Could this be what your referencing?
Do you have this information?
Is this okay with you?
How are you doing?
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties?
Interested in audiobooks?
Interested in audiobooks?
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?
Iguazu is a big or a small country?
How much is a big mac in your country?
What foods do you eat in Miramar?
Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment.?
Can you recommend any restaurants in Buenos Aires?
does teacher's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person??
cos ill be going to baguio alone and i have tight?
What influenced Picasso's cubism style of painting?
What do you eat in Miramar?
Anyone know of any HHa training in Delaware ?
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware?
Any information about CRAZY HORSE SCULPTURE?
How to prepare a silicon rubber mould for human statue of size 375mm in height?
How many days will speed post take to reach from Delhi to Mumbai?
What is the nearest National Park to Birmingham, UK?
When was Miramar founded?
September 20, 1888?
Do people Bare-knuckle box in Ireland?
What are some GOOD 18+ clubs in the bay area?
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around... what should I do with them?
is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat?
What to do in San Rafael Ca?
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot.. what are fun things to do around there?
like any lounges?
what about downtown...?
like 4th street and stuff ?
Which of these do you like: McDonalds, Burger King, Taco Bell, Wendys?
would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab ?
What is the dress code for males at Del Frisco's Philadelphia?
information on the Eurostar train?
What is the dress code for females at Del Frisco's Philadelphia?
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them?
are they just making these places up?
Anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes?
How about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of Argentina?
I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should I do?
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do?
Erm ya How can I watch Fair City Online in England lols?
Im in school for photography and i want to work in forensic so what else do i need to do.?
Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone?
Canon sx40 or canon s100 ?
Which one should i get ?
Its prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!
Passport needed for international boat cruise?
Will we need a passport?
just in the water?
How can i get Weed in Auckland?
Why would someone post the location of a dealer in a public place?
What is this irish tune called!?
I should have asked then but i didn't the only line i remember is de lunde bar..or something like that.. does anybody know which song i am talking about?
Help findin a restaurant for anniversary in SF?
What would happen if you flew the flag of South Vietnam in Modern day Vietnam?
Where do we vote?
If anyone else has voted?
Where do we vote?
And if anyone else has voted, what did you guys vote for?
air asia flight attendant?
Good day,I'm a foreigner living in malaysia, german citizen,21 years of age, I was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners?
What kind of Meal do peopel in Argentina have?
why do i want to do work experience at an animal center?
How are strangers supposed to know why YOU want to do that sort of job?
Cheap restraunts close to Orchestra Hall in Chicago?
Does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where I can't get lost?
Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos?
If you know or work there could you enlighten me?
Privacy in kerala,help pls..?
I have a male and female cockatiel, and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage, will they hatch?
Why is the city called Miramar?
whose better looking ?
is gare montparnasse storage still available?
is it still available?
if its not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage?
i wanna meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico?
i am from mexico traveling to san francisco california one week i wanna meet american girls there where i can find them?
they r open mind for talk?
they will talk to me if i am mexican?
Going to Fiji and i cannot wait?
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please?
Is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida?
how can you get wifi anywhere 24/7 on your apple ipod 8gb?
I have wifi at my house, but thats just at my house...is there anyway i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi?
how are vietnam and Afghanistan alike?
who fought the wars?
cost of the U.S. in money and men?
political costs of the war?
impact of the war on the American people?
WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT'S DUE WENSDAY!?!?! :(
What is your cats name and why did you name him/her that?
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft?
I have 24hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time?
We have limited time What are the best sights to see, geiven that we only have a short time?
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent?
My Hamster escaped.... NEED HELP NOW!?
Anybody give me ideas like a trap or something?
can i have some indoor pet ideas please!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
french male sensuality?
Is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first move?
What do french men find sexy?
It's fine for mass-market chocolate, but with companies like Scharffen Berger, TCHO, and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area, why?
How much better does it get?!
Want a great burger?
Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist (a HUGE number compared to the others in the area), but that they all have the same unique grammar structure?
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals?
