Have they, however, actually weakened Israeli security?
Did you know that?
Have you sent this to congress yet?
Maybe I'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000 AK47's?
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground?
Do you really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of Jesus of Nazareth?
Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?'
Does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place?
Is the distinction accurate and valid?
Does the distinction actually exist?
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
Wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor?
Aren't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven?
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him?
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers?
Does free speech protect you when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater?
Should there be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders?
Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage?
Do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital?
Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages?
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets?
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly?
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children?
Do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital?
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
Is the solution a democratic Arab world?
Have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet?
Will you drive on that day?
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
Are we going to attend?
Do you concur?
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
Do you concur?
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
Is there 1 available?
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive?
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?
Are you guys still looking for an analyst?
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
Does that work for you?
Should we set a date now?
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)?
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal?
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
Can we get some help on the IBM issues?
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?
Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Did she ever go to a real doctor?
Did she make it?
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself?
Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?"
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?
Is that ok with you?
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)?
Are either of you familiar with this project?
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000?
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months?
Can you help out?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Is the attached form the final final form?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
Does that work?
Are you coming for Xmas?
Are you really?
Would you come with your parents or separately?
Do You Yahoo!?
Is there anyone else we should tell?
Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires?
Is that what you want?
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?
Will you pass along to the appropriate person?
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking?
Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the option?
Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?
Do we have someone who is watching this out there?
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?
Is this correct?
Do you want me to send the invoices to you?
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?
Can we find another time that works for us to meet?
are you the right lawyer to look at this?
Can you cover for me today?
Do we have 2 sessions today?
Do you also have a SSD we can use?
Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?
Can you please help with this one?
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?
Have you gone international?
Do you miss me?
Could you send me a set?
Could you send me a set?
have you gotten a price?
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003?
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form?
Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate?
Can you provide me with more details?
Are you okay with that?
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30?
Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled?
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version?
Are we ready to execute?
Is there some specific concern that we can address?
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Are you back in the office yet?
Can you and Tom join us?
Do you think we need to do more?
Do you think we need to do more?
Are you comfortable with the difference?
Is there any question?
Are you playing golf?
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating?
Did you get my fax on Friday?
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet?
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?
Do you have a tel # for Mike?
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
Are you unsure of Agel?
Do you feel safer?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood?
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories?
Don't you think it's time we talked?
Are you ready?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future?
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now?
Has it altered your life?
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US?
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there?
Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers?
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast?
Are you prepared to handle absolute power?
Mayur ? <>
Is any of this a probability?
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student?
Can that be fixed?
Have you tried using clockwork recovery?
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place?
can anyone give me information about them?
Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
Is there any cure for mouse poison?
Is there any way to strengthen it?
Should i bring her?
Would pledge be ok?
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :O
does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air?
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah?
Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools?
Would it be best for me to finish college?
Do you just take a changing bag with you?
Should the statue of David be censored?
Is normal bird food fine?
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse?
Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too?
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment?
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color?
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang?
Is this a transitional period for the baby...that he/she is left alone much more time?
Can I text from Canada to the united states?
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in?
Are there any new Gaming console?
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at?
Did anything happen before losing his trust?
Do you think he's teething?
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake?
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all?
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes?
Are the hotels back up and running?
Are there still aftershocks?
Is it safe to go to Rotarua, since the earthquakes?
does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada?
Can i apply with 63 points?
do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.?
Is that reasonable?
Do they have this anywhere?
Can rabbits and chickens live together?
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food?
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
Are there any major differences between them?
Have you every traveled before?
Do you speak a foreign language?
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place?
Is there any tricks I could use?
Should I just settle and book on line?
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis?
Did your vet take radiographs (x-rays)?
Did they do any x-rays?
Is it true?
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
Is there a future for our nation's youth?
Are you saying I'm bad in bed?
do babies this small hibernate?
are my two cats fighting or playing?
Is a finch or a parakeet better?
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be?
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies?
Should I get a balcony?
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
would You like going for *coffee* with him?
Might be something different?
Is that something you are up for?
Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy?
Can't you make a decent cup of coffee?
Are you kidding me?
Do we need another one?
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad?
Are they serious?
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience?
should I be embarrassed that I haven't the slightest idea what that means?
are you kidding?
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog?
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed/blanks filled in?
Are you still chasing that?
Did you survive the honeymoon?
have you heard from anyone?
is it supposed to be storming?
Are you enjoying Houston?
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo's spread analysis?
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time?
Could this be what your referencing?
Do you have this information?
Is this okay with you?
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties?
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?
Can you recommend any restaurants in Buenos Aires?
Do people Bare-knuckle box in Ireland?
is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat?
would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab ?
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them?
are they just making these places up?
Canon sx40 or canon s100 ?
Will we need a passport?
Does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where I can't get lost?
Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos?
is gare montparnasse storage still available?
is it still available?
Is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida?
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent?
Is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first move?
Does anybody use it for anything else?
Is that a money maker?
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night?
are you lying?
is it for guitar?
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today?
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well?
Are you free for lunch some day this week?
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements?
Are you free for lunch some day this week?
Do you have any current info on deal status?
Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday?
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you?
Would this be fine?
Are there any new developments in the trader world?
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better?
Could you run those additional post-id's?
could you also CC me the first few times you send it?
Is good or bad?
Do You Yahoo!?
Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba?
Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu?
Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ?
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar?
Can you use the 'find my phone' feature to track someone else's phone?
Is Hank Green Awesome?
Do you prefer ham, bacon or sausages with your breakfast?
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off?
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off?
Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises?
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch?
would I be able to go back to school after a year break at a university to get a Bachelors degree in business administration?
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they're hooked up to a computer that is turned off?
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place?
Is that what you are referring to?
Does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp?
Do you get what's wrong with this picture?
is there any good places to get an ice-cream sundae from in Invercargill New Zealand?
Does 5 make a chain?
Should I be concerned?
canon t2i stops working?
did anyone have this issue?
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair?
