Is Creole a pidgin of French?
Does plastic decompose at all?
Can you prevent traumatic brain injury?
Have the Colorado Rockies won a title?
Can the DC character Nightwing fly?
Did the Stackhouse books get made into a show?
Can you over-water a cactus?
Does Descent: FreeSpace – The Great War have a second game?
Is Abi Branning still a character on EastEnders?
Does the Audi S4 come with manual transmission option?
Does hemp contain THC?
Is Canada part of the Common Wealth?
Did the Equal Pay Act pass?
Is Indonesia a democracy?
Can an ex president run again for US president?
Is the warbonnet sacred?
Do brains heal themselves after strokes?
Is Master Chief in Halo Wars?
Is Gibraltar English territory?
Did Avicenna write any books?
Is sperm donation safe?
Did Zhou Enlai have a wife?
Are blood clotting disorders hereditary?
Was Germany part of the Hasburg Empire?
Do other animals have different blood types like humans?
Does Christianity come from Judaism?
Does the Netherlands have universal healthcare?
Does Punjab still exist?
Did Solomon have a son?
Does glioblastoma multiforme cause tumors?
Can the blue-footed booby fly?
Is Egyptian Arabic the most commonly spoken language in Egypt?
Are MRI's for soft tissue scans?
Is Death in Discworld?
Did Germany have a stealth bomber prototyped during WW2?
Is gaelic still spoken?
Does cognitive dissonance factor into pluralistic ignorance?
Did the USA use guerrilla tactics against England?
Are there amino acids in oranges?
Is there treatment for phytophthora ramorum?
Did Lou Lombardo have a wife?
Was Armenia in the Soviet Union?
Can HTML5 handle video players?
Can DNA be created?
Do you need a degree to be an engineering technologist?
Was János Kádár married?
Are there professional airsoft tournaments?
Does schizophrenia run in families?
Is 8 inches standard for a chef's knife?
Has there been a television adaptation of Guardians of the Universe?
Did Terry Prachett also help write Good Omens?
Do subjects come at the start of Finnish sentences?
Is Guam a US territory?
Is a matching or understanding of a persons culture part of the ethics of psychology?
Did Albert Einstein have kids?
Do you need to pay a deductible before insurance pays?
Is a birth certificate a form of ID?
Can you eat a dusky shark?
Was USA a British colony?
Did Carthage really have elephants in their army?
Does the Dan Le Batard Show still air?
Has Lady Shiva appeared in any DC Comics films?
Is the Beacham Theatre still in use?
Is there a second CoRot?
Does Shantou University have a graduate program?
Does the player have guns in Superhot?
Does Stephen King have a degree?
Is Wilson's disease fatal?
Can you cut a nerve fiber?
Does Alex Fletcher have kids?
Do people in the military learn Morse code?
Can lava kill you?
Did Hurricane Emily make landfall somewhere?
Is the Canadian government similar to England?
Is there a national football league in India?
Does the koala eat anything other than eucalyptus?
Is Jor-El Superman's dad?
Can undocumented immigrants get health insurance?
Are Power Rangers based off of Super Sentai?
Does the character Sentinel Prime appear in any Transformers films?
Are there any double-decker buses in the States?
Can you die from an ulcer?
Did Louise-Marie-Madeleine Guillaume de Fontaine ever marry?
Is Falls Road in the Maryland Scenic Byways system?
Was Judus considered an Apostle?
Is Captain America: The Winter Soldier the first Captain America film?
Has the Hunter × Hunter manga series been adapted for screen?
Did Peter III and Catherine the Great have any daughters?
Is dimethecone a silicone?
Is spotting on the mini pill normal?
Can you mine clay?
Is Iran near any oceans?
Can you use a TV antenna for FM radio?
Are refugees legal?
Is Alex Fletcher married?
Can  you buy Fright Night on dvd?
Does Picardy produce wine?
Is lymphangioma benign?
Are there different sects of Judaism?
Is Zeus the King of the Greek pantheon?
Is hassium radioactive?
Is Georges Sagnac dead?
Are there black holes near the galactic nucleus?
Do Puerto Ricans pay US taxes?
Is Margaret Claire Hoover related to president Hoover?
Is Phoenix required for Elixir sites?
Is Kathy Beale married?
Are there salmon in the Sacramento River?
Can mosquitoes bite through clothes?
Did the Georgia Bulldogs make the playoffs in 2018?
Is Iodine radioactive?
Can you vote at 16 years in Argentina?
Is Halo Wars part of the Halo saga?
Are there any plants that can live without sunlight?
Did the Imperial Japanese Navy also have submarines?
Is it normal to not experience sexual arousal?
Was CoRot successful?
Are gifts taxed in the United States?
Was Al Capone apart of the The Apalachin meeting?
Does Gerald "Gerry" Rafferty have kids?
Was Sister Act a musical comedy?
Is Gloucestershire located in England?
Does Drake Hogestyn have kids?
Does Jupiter have an atmosphere?
Is Kazakhstan a slavic state?
Is Samus a woman?
Does the protagonist of The Kingkiller Chronicle have any powers?
Can we edit genes before a baby is born?
Did the Royal Observer Corps serve in World War II?
Is there a plant genome project similar to the human genome project?
Is everything an object in Ruby?
Did Portugal participate in the slave trade?
Is the name ʿAbd al-Malik ibn Marwān ibn al-Ḥakam Arabic?
Is a catapult a siege weapon?
Did the Romans invent concrete?
Are the heptahelical receptors important?
Was the US ever at war with France?
Did humans live during the Stone Age?
Is estradiol available as a drug?
Does Australia play Cricket?
Did the SMS Gneisenau sink?
Can you die from leptospirosis?
Are there any all-male colleges remaining in the U.S.?
Is seaweed a form of algae?
Did the Chinese help build the railroads?
Does the American Indian Model Schools system have any high schools?
Can you tour the Beacham Theatre?
Is the Firth of Tay a natural waterway?
Does Howie Mandel have germophobia?
Was William O'Brien married?
Is the Danube river navigable?
Are there sharks in the Caribbean Sea?
Is Michelle Obama's initiative still ongoing?
Is there a dragon dance?
Does María Estela Martínez Cartas de Perón have kids?
Is the original Marshall Field's building in Chicago still standing?
Is Free speech protected?
Is Malcolm Sathiyanathan Adiseshiah dead?
Is Obsessive Compulsive Disorder a personality disorder?
Are gifts taxable income?
Can you die from liver cancer?
Is Fortnite an multiplayer online role-playing game?
Are horse hooves made out of the same thing as toenails?
Can you grow bamboo in Texas?
Is eucalyptus poisonous?
Was Hawaii under martial law after Pearl Harbor?
Do polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons cause cancer?
Does Destiny 2 have any DLC?
Is there hummus in Lebanon?
Does Malcolm Sathiyanathan Adiseshiah have kids?
Did Romania have monarchy?
Is The Last House on the Left a remake?
Does Sir Michael Thomas Somare have a wife?
Is dexmethylphenidate addictive?
Are there rounds in freestyle wrestling?
Is Latvia in the Euro zone?
Are cows sacred in Hindu?
Is amnesia real?
Did Louise-Marie-Madeleine Guillaume de Fontaine have any children?
Is common law the most common legal system in the world?
Is the Caspian Sea salt water or fresh water?
Are mathematicians engineers?
Was the bible ever written in Aramaic?
Can Deadpool die?
can you visit the Beacham Theatre?
Did Rubén Darío have kids?
Are there any new types of helicopters?
Do horse flies bite humans?
Does the character Kaine Parker appear in any Marvel films?
Is buffalo grass drought resistant?
Were the people from Enron prosecuted?
Is there a Rick and Morty movie?
Are there other Trickster gods in Asgardian mythos?
Does Australia have a two-party system?
Was Fonzie in the first episode of Happy Days?
Do Diet Coke and regular Coke taste different?
Is match fixing illegal?
Does Sir Michael Thomas Somare have kids?
Can medications cause Long QT?
Will periods cease on progestin only birth control?
Do Jews believe in angels?
Is UT a research campus?
Are there giant spiders in Australia?
Is phantom pain experienced by amputees neurological?
Do you wash cast iron with soap and water?
Do clouds affect radio waves?
Did DJ Hero have any DLC?
Is New York a death penalty state?
Is it possible to be white and latino?
Are there still royals in Monaco?
Is cytoplasm needed for photosynthesis?
Can U.S. citizens maintain dual citizenship with another country?
Did Catalonia do trade with France?
Is Fortnite a Battle Royal game?
Is Windows XP abandonware?
Do Puerto Ricans have US citizenship?
Is Drake Hogestyn married?
Has the character Danielle "Dani" Cage appeared in any Marvel films?
Did Count Pál János Ede Teleki de Szék have a wife?
Can greed be a good thing?
Is cricket an Olympic sport?
Is Hepatitis contagious?
Can endometriosis effect fertility?
Is Alfie Moon still a character on EastEnders?
Are foxes part of the canidae family?
Was Iran part of the Persian empire?
Did Clamp draw Chobits?
Is the cuttlefish a mollusk?
Are red wolves endangered?
Is French spoken in Ontario?
Are there different dialects in Chile?
Do Germans have free university?
Does driving involve muscle memory?
Is Korean phonetic?
Is education in China free?
Is Death in the Discworld series?
Is Cloud in Kingdom Hearts?
Did the Washington Redskins make the playoffs in 2015?
Do all males have to enlist in the Korean Aarmy?
Did German forces win in their attack on Vimy Ridge in 1916?
Did Zhou Enlai have kids?
Does Prime Minister have more power than President?
Were the Japanese put in internment camps in the USA?
Does the character Madelyne "Maddie" Jennifer Pryor-Summers have super powers?
Does Rick and Morty have any video games?
Is Catalonia an independent nation?
Does Japan have a football team?
Did King Victor Emmanuel II have a wife?
Was Camminetz injured during World War I?
Are accents different throughout England?
Was the U.S. affected by the Long Depression?
Is open source software free?
Is Miku a Vocaloid?
Is Lisbon the capital of Portugal?
Are there cherry trees in Cherry Springs State Park?
Does Mike O'Malley have kids?
Is Hebrew similar to Arabic?
Are verbal contracts binding?
Is railroading still a thing?
Is Austin a tech city?
Are mud dobbers a kind of paper wasps?
Was Australia a prison colony?
Did England fight France during the Seven Years' War?
Does melioidosis affect humans?
Did King Victor Emmanuel II have a son?
Do steam locomotives have gears?
Do Russians celebrate Christmas?
Are all streams rivers?
Does the French royal family still exist?
Is Georgia currently occupied by Russia?
Does Lily Bart die in The House of Mirth?
Is the Caspian Sea saltwater?
Did the Spanish invade the Philippines?
Did the Ford Pinto ever come in automatic transmission?
Is Al Pratt married?
Do mag lev trains exist?
Is there a major mountain range that goes through Chile?
Does Iain Norman Macleod have kids?
Is John Legend an EGOT?
Does Ron Silverman have kids?
Do you need a visa to enter Ukraine?
Are ceiling fans good for saving energy?
Can we revive old species?
Is John Part still alive?
Is Zeus a Titan?
Did Jane Austen publish Pride and Prejudice?
Is Final Fantasy Type-0 a sequel to another game?
Is sex work linked to human trafficking?
Was Hasselhoff present when the Berlin Wall fell?
Can a needlestick injury be fatal?
Is accutane a restricted prescription?
Is spotting on mixed hormone birth control normal?
Is the Colosseum a stadium?
Has there ever been a woman general?
Is Kula Shaker still together?
Is Croatian slavic?
Was Alita made into a movie?
Can you insert videos in HTML5?
Is there a Ekiden championship?
Is China socialist?
Is there a Fist of the North Star game?
Were there indigenous peoples in Hispaniola?
Does TLC have a hit single?
Did Rubén Darío have a wife?
Does Hashimoto's attack the thyroid?
Are there any living descendants of Napoleon Bonaparte?
Can you grow tobacco in Tennessee?
Has anyone died in The Winter Palace?
Is the bystander effect the same as pluralistic ignorance?
Is dizziness a symptom of hypoglycemia?
Did Nick Adams have kids?
Is Total War a RTS game?
Was the Ottoman Empire primarily Islamic?
Can cats control their purr?
Was Singapore ever formerly occupied?
Can you die from orientia tsutsugamushi?
Are sentences reduced for plea bargain cases?
Do whales live in the Indian Ocean?
Do frogs breathe through their skin?
Will therapy help Tourettes?
Are Asian black bears endangered?
Is embryonic stem cell research legal?
Is there a vaccine for chicken pox?
Did Heinz Steinitz have a wife?
Is Ukraine considered a slavic state?
Are there bee hunting wasps?
Is there a US military base in Afghanistan?
Is Nest considered a smart thermostats?
Can a septic tank explode?
Is Scrapie like Mad Cow Disease?
Is there a female member of The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Is Gwen Poole part of any teams?
Did anyone die in the Joplin tornado?
Is the death penalty legal in China?
Does Botulinum toxin cause botulism?
Does autism effect interpersonal skills?
Have the Los Angeles Rams won a Super Bowl?
Do people speak English in Denmark?
Does R2D2 appear in Star Wars Rebels?
Was there a Sonic game on the Sega Genesis?
Did Hera turn a woman into a spider?
Do the aborigines have reservations?
Are there gondola's in Venice?
Did Socrates believe in free will?
Is undergraduate and bachelors the same thing?
Are all senate allocations 2 per state?
Was Richard Siegmund Lindzen born in the U.S.?
Does Russia have mandatory military service?
Is KOKI-TV on cable?
Are newts amphibians?
Do tennis strings make a difference?
Has Warsaw been in any war?
Does Canada have universal health care?
Are IP addresses based on location?
Were highways part of the New Deal?
Did Kim Hong-il have kids?
Is Catalan independent?
Does Mike O'Malley have a wife?
Do men have mammary glands?
Does calcium have a reaction to water?
Has France recognized Haiti as an independent nation?
Can you cure orientia tsutsugamushi?
Do they speak Cantonese in Hong Kong?
Does Laos have a president?
Can a Eurasian eagle-owl kill a rabbit?
Can capacitors explode?
Is the small-block engine a combustion engine?
Is ecologist Michael Rosenzweig still alive?
Did Nvidia skip the 800 series for graphics cards?
Do you need a foundation to build a house?
Is there a Catholic Bible?
Is accutane Vitamin A?
Did Enzo Francescoli Uriarte set any records?
Has Colette Justine appeared in any films?
Is FX affiliated with Fox?
Do bees use magnetoreception?
Is splunking dangerous?
Does Arrow have any superpowers?
Are there antelopes in the US?
Did Monster place in any Japanese polls for manga?
Does XETV-TDT have a website?
Is there a sequel to Prison Break?
Was Senua's Sacrifice also done by Ninja Theory?
Is the UK also a bicameral governing body?
Do police in Scotland carry guns?
Is there wild life on Roanoke Island?
Is there a large filming economy in Montreal?
Is Margaret Claire Hoover married?
Did Colin Steele McRae win any rally championships?
Do some countries have compulsory voting?
Is The Young and the Restless still airing?
Is the US a bicameral government?
Do the Philippines have night markets?
Is Witches of East End based on a movie?
Did the SAS participate in the Iraq war?
Did Texas use to be its own country?
Are lungfish fresh water fish?
Is Ontario forested?
Does Iran have a president?
Did the CoRot space find anything?
Has Neighbors won any awards?
Does J. R. R. Tolkien have a wife?
Is Super Sentai a Japanese show?
When did Li Deyu serve as chancellor to the Tang Dynasty?
Is Dutch a language?
Are conservatives right wing?
Can a rabbi be a woman?
Does Canada have an Indian Affairs branch of government?
Can leptospirosis be cured?
Do super massive black holes merge?
Are yaks related to cows?
Are hallucinations common on schizophrenia?
Is the citron related to lemons?
Did Francisco's father serve in the Mexican-American war?
Can we make artificial cells?
Does Jordan still have a monarchy?
Is the UK Queen over the prime minister?
Did the pueblo irrigate their crops?
Did Nintendo help make PlayStation?
Was Tolkien friends with C. S. Lewis?
Is Byzantine Octoechos a musical system?
Do great white sharks migrate to australia?
Is Bolivia a poor country?
Does slavery still exist?
Is Tsalagi a Iroquoian language?
Is Yellowstone a super volcano?
Can you have metal kitchen cabinets?
Is there a way to test for the cancer syndrome?
Did James Thomas Aubrey Jr. have a wife?
Is Georgia occupied?
Was Picasso a sculptor?
Did Hurricane Dora reach Georgia?
Can you die from acetaminophen poisoning?
Has Sydney been under siege?
Do First Nations have representation in Canadian government?
Is Major General Douglas dead?
Is Ian McDiarmid still alive?
Does the technology for cloning exist?
Is Richard Siegmund Lindzen retired?
Do the Dutch still have a monarchy?
Which epoch was the Cretaceous?
Did the SMS Seydlitz sink?
Does Danielle "Dani" Cage's have a super power?
Do cranberries grow in the wild?
